add ability to specify api key (#733)
elastic/apm-agent-dotnet: docs/configuration.asciidoc

Both the agents and the APM server have to be configured with the same secret token.
Use this setting in case the APM Server requires a token (e.g. APM Server in Elastic Cloud).

> WARNING: the API Key is sent as plain-text in every request to the server, so you should also secure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: the `SecretToken` is sent as plain-text in every request to the server, so you should also secure
```

your communications using HTTPS. Unless you do so, your API Key could be observed by an attacker.

[float]
[[config-api-key]]
==== `ApiKey` (added[1.4])

[options="header"]
|============
| Environment variable name  | IConfiguration or Web.config key
| `ELASTIC_APM_API_KEY`      | `ElasticApm:ApiKey`
|============

[options="header"]
|============
| Default                 | Type
| `<none>`                | A base64-encoded string
|============

This base64-encoded string is used to ensure that only your agents can send data to your APM server.

> You must have created the API key using the APM server command line tool. Please see the APM server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have created the API key using the APM server's {apm-server-ref-v}/api-key.html[command line tool].
```

> {apm-app-ref}/api-key.html#create-api-key[create-api-key] documentation for details on how to do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

NOTE: This feature is fully supported in the APM Server versions >= 7.6.

> WARNING: the API Key is sent as plain-text in every request to the server, so you should also secure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: the `APIKey` is sent as plain-text in every request to the server, so you should also secure
```
